Document BG to OBJ priority in CGB mode (#454)
gbdev/pandocs: src/OAM.md

([video demonstration](https://youtu.be/B8sJGgCVvnk)).
A similar behaviour [can be seen on the NES](https://forums.nesdev.org/viewtopic.php?f=10&t=16861).

> **In CGB Mode**, BG vs. OBJ priority is declared in more than one register, [please see this page](Tile_Maps.md#bg-to-obj-priority-in-cgb-mode) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**In CGB Mode**, BG vs. OBJ priority is declared in more than one register, [please see this page](<#BG-to-OBJ Priority in CGB Mode>) for more details.
```

> In CGB mode interaction between BG and OBJ is declared in more than one register, [See background and window to obj priority](Tile_Maps.md#bg-to-obj-priority-in-cgb-mode)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**In CGB Mode**, BG vs. OBJ priority is declared in more than one register, [please see this page](Tile_Maps.md#bg-to-obj-priority-in-cgb-mode) for more details.
```

Maybe the tip box should be renamed "priority over BG", too?

Author: I'm not really sure, most of this tip is about the internal priority between objects

> >**Notice:** in CGB mode interaction between BG and OBJ is declared in more than one register, [See background and window to obj priority](Tile_Maps.md#bg-to-obj-priority-in-cgb-mode)

Reviewer 2: We are not used (see the rest of the document) to add "Notices" titling them in bold and putting them in block quotes. This may be better going in a warning/note box?
